A lot again.
So let's check the setting of a cost profile.
So we click it sitting and of course you have the name and description.
We click next.
Then we have all the seating available in our house.
All right.
Right.
So you see the different option.
Of course you can create a favorite one to use it anytime you want it to sitting.
But we're going to check all the seating so we have advance seating coffee if we check this one.
We have lots of other ones sitting on the other ones that option are other ones that configuration you
click on made you get a different configured that we have some of the to time out when you want to change
the head to fit in our profile to use it.
The volume is 19 of course.
Does that mean you should take careful when you it them because this is something not for.
You can destroy your environment if you make a wrong sitting this one that we can't cover them in discourse
you can get information about them when you need them.
Of course in the beginning you will not need to change any of the seating but by the time your environment
goes up you need to make a small change in a specific place.
Of course you get a recommendation from the company or from the software needed etc. then you can go
and change a specific sitting in this place.
But you should just careful when you needed those sitting.
Then we have some configuration that input output configuration graphic hospital profile the formation
about the host profile.
That is it then for example General systemd the power configuration system.
So you see the CPI should balance it or perform low power et cetera.
So all the stitching of our is I host of people right here the generosity that that tried this option
you can edit it for example where you see your coffee or fix it in a.p user must explicit.
Charles what is the encryption.
That's it all when the operator can add it to the end of it.
And B to get the data on time from on a PC rather than a housecarls etc. there are a lot lot of information
for example the network sitting on orders which we have only which is zero.
We don't get it in if you switch into part of your course we call out information about this week.
And the widgets which saw the switching off this is which if you remember when we create our visa which
it's asked to you we give it to you by default.
We use this number always greet object or a scene specific into the configuration how much LAN connected
to the switch the VM annex 7 6 5 4 3 2 0.
They chose the physical network with a given state etc. you have look a lot of other ones that option
that you can't chose them one by one and it is then the number of port how much port network you see
if we can ease in in it or see to enable a low Mach change that's mean to give you the ability to change
the.
Mark there's a difference between your machine if it is with this one division machine will not get
any ability to change the MAC address plain reviews mod for guitars made etc. look a lot of information
that you should take personally when you challenged them because of course you can't make the changes
that you want in your club and you test love you can try to mix and change and see what will happen
but you should be ready that you will destroy your love and you need to roll with it.
Then of course the Wii's reach security and service and the storage configuration.
The difference that doesn't exist is for example ice cores the initiator we could eat ice Kaze the NFL
the virtual sand the software etc..
So this is the content of a hospital.
I remember when I told you that we're going to explore the config of holes.
This is the difference config that we can.
It is one by one.
But of course as I told you when we tried to attach it to our host profile to different hosts we can't
get older sitting for a different one.
For example some of us sitting in a location about six hosts we can't attach it to another horse will
give us an error like when we clone our virtual machine and we don't change ID when we is your virtual
machine with the same ID we get in our environment.
So we should take careful when you chose those one.
Let's cancel this one.
Of course you can make it up or we don't see it.
And next we'll try to export a host profile and we'll see how to attach our profile to different E-6
I host seemed an extra.